README.md, before:

# Chessfield

> **This project is made possible** thanks to the work going into https://github.com/lichess-org/chessground.

![Chessfield views](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unicolored/chessfield/main/screenshot/views.jpg)

_Chessfield_ is a free/libre open source chess 3D board.

## License

Chessfield is distributed under the **GPL-3.0 license** (or any later version,
at your option).
When you use Chessfield for your website, your combined work may be
distributed only under the GPL. **You must release your source code** to the
users of your website.

Please read more about GPL for JavaScript on [greendrake.info](https://greendrake.info/publications/js-gpl).

## Demos

- 🍿 [Chessfield.Live](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield.live)

## Features

Chessfield is designed to be a 3d chess viewer.

- Common configuration options with [Chessground](https://github.com/lichess-org/chessground)
- Royalty free wooden chess set by 3D Artist: [Ali Qolami](https://www.blenderkit.com/asset-gallery?query=order:-score+author_id:1118431)
- Well typed with TypeScript
- WebGL powered by Three.js
- Zoom and rotate around the board to see games in a any angle
- Display FEN and highlight squares of the last move

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save chessfield
```

### Usage

```js
import { Chessfield } from 'chessfield';

// Add and use a custom theme
const config = {
  plugins: {
    themes: {
      mytheme: {
        light: '#e3dbc9',
        dark: '#cb4444',
        highlight: '#c99a39',
        selected: 'orange',
      },
    },
  },
  theme: 'mytheme',
  camera: 'white',
  angle: 'right',
};

const field = Chessfield(document.body, config);
```

## Documentation

- [Config types](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.config.ts)
- [Default config values](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.state.ts)
- [API type signatures](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.api.ts)
- [Simple standalone example](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/demo.html)
- [Read more](https://unicolo.red/chessfield/)

## Development

Install build dependencies:

```sh
pnpm install
```

To build the node module:

```sh
pnpm run dev
```

To build the standalone:

```sh
pnpm run dist
```

Commit message:

Update CI workflow and README with badges and tweaks
The CI workflow now triggers only on 'push' events to the 'next' branch and consolidates test and build steps into scripts. README enhancements include the addition of CI and npm version badges for improved project visibility and status tracking.

README.md, after:

# Chessfield

![Chessfield views](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unicolored/chessfield/main/screenshot/views.jpg)

_Chessfield_ is a free/libre open source chess 3D board.

[![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Continuous Integration](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/actions/workflows/publish.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/actions/workflows/publish.yml)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/chessfield.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/chessfield)

> **This project is made possible** thanks to the work going into https://github.com/lichess-org/chessground.

## License

Chessfield is distributed under the **GPL-3.0 license** (or any later version,
at your option).
When you use Chessfield for your website, your combined work may be
distributed only under the GPL. **You must release your source code** to the
users of your website.

Please read more about GPL for JavaScript on [greendrake.info](https://greendrake.info/publications/js-gpl).

## Demos

- 🍿 [Chessfield.Live](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield.live)

## Features

Chessfield is designed to be a 3d chess viewer.

- Common configuration options with [Chessground](https://github.com/lichess-org/chessground)
- Royalty free wooden chess set by 3D Artist: [Ali Qolami](https://www.blenderkit.com/asset-gallery?query=order:-score+author_id:1118431)
- Well typed with TypeScript
- WebGL powered by Three.js
- Zoom and rotate around the board to see games in a any angle
- Display FEN and highlight squares of the last move

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save chessfield
```

### Usage

```js
import { Chessfield } from 'chessfield';

// Add and use a custom theme
const config = {
  plugins: {
    themes: {
      mytheme: {
        light: '#e3dbc9',
        dark: '#cb4444',
        highlight: '#c99a39',
        selected: 'orange',
      },
    },
  },
  theme: 'mytheme',
  camera: 'white',
  angle: 'right',
};

const field = Chessfield(document.body, config);
```

## Documentation

- [Config types](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.config.ts)
- [Default config values](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.state.ts)
- [API type signatures](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/src/resource/chessfield.api.ts)
- [Simple standalone example](https://github.com/unicolored/chessfield/tree/main/demo.html)
- [Read more](https://unicolo.red/chessfield/)

## Development

Install build dependencies:

```sh
pnpm install
```

To build the node module:

```sh
pnpm run dev
```

To build the standalone:

```sh
pnpm run dist
```
